fix: pin openedx-events to version with eventsmetadata serialization (#189)
openedx/event-bus-kafka: CHANGELOG.rst

Unreleased
**********

> [5.3.1] - 2023-08-08

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[5.3.1] - 2023-08-10
```

********************
Fixed
=====

> * Pinned openedx-events to 8.5.0 for EventsMetadata serialization

Reviewer: Probably should clarify that this is not an exact version pin. Suggestion:

```suggestion
* Constrain openedx-events version to at least 8.5.0 (for EventsMetadata serialization support)
```

I'd also be tempted to mention something about "don't install 5.3.0" but we don't really have a process around that, so maybe not.
